
# The bad news on human nature, in 10 findings from psychology 

[LINK](https://aeon.co/ideas/the-bad-news-on-human-nature-in-10-findings-from-psychology)

1. We view minorities and the vulnerable as less than human.
2. We experience Schadenfreude (pleasure at another person’s distress) by the age of four.
3. We believe in karma – assuming that the downtrodden of the world deserve their fate.
4. We are blinkered and dogmatic.
	- This seems to occur in part because we see opposing facts as undermining our sense of identity. It doesn’t help that many of us are overconfident about how much we understand things and that, when we believe our opinions are superior to others, this deters us from seeking out further relevant knowledge.

5. We would rather electrocute ourselves than spend time in our own thoughts.
6. We are vain and overconfident.
	1. Lake Wobegon Effect after the fictional town where ‘all the women are strong, all the men are good-looking, and all the children are above average’
	2. Dunning-Kruger effect - The least skilled among us are the most prone to overconfidence.
7. We are moral hypocrites.
	- actor-observer asymmetry, which in part describes our tendency to attribute other people’s bad deeds, such as our partner’s infidelities, to their character, while attributing the same deeds performed by ourselves to the situation at hand

8. We are all potential trolls.
9. We favour ineffective leaders with psychopathic traits.
	- A meta-analysis published this summer concluded that there is indeed a modest but significant link between higher trait psychopathy and gaining leadership positions, which is important since psychopathy also correlates with poorer leadership.
10. We are sexually attracted to people with dark personality traits.
	-  evidence suggests that men and women are sexually attracted, at least in the short term, to people displaying the so-called ‘dark triad’ of traits – narcissism, psychopathy and Machiavellianism – thus risking further propagating these traits.

# Something to do later.

Saw Greg Bryan at the Southern Trace gym. He raved about the performance of         [Andrea Bocelli](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Andrea_Bocelli), the Blind Tenor. Greg saw him perform in Dallas. His daughter baouth him and his wife tickets.

# Play "Sweet Child of Mine" on the Stick.

1. YouTube Lesson [Sweet Child O'mine - How SLASH plays it - Guitar lesson - In Standard Tuning](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=m24SlD15zM8)
2. [Guns N' Roses - Sweet Child O' Mine (Official Music Video)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1w7OgIMMRc4)


# The broad, ragged cut

An examination of the history and efficacy of test taking in america. [LINK](https://aeon.co/essays/are-aptitude-tests-an-accurate-measure-of-human-potential
3. )
## TAKE AWAY

Termites, the children identified by Terman and followed by him, successes tended to be of a certain predictable variety. They excelled, mostly, at following paths laid out by others who had come before, rather than charting their own.

Whatever it was the IQ test was measuring, it was not creativity,’ Shurkin says. Neither did Terman’s test measure work ethic or grit, qualities that the psychologist Angela Duckworth has since proven correlate highly with success.