# WWS

Vien has learned to love to ride. 
# Breakfast
# On Power

Power is defined as the ability to make decisions for a group of people. This is often against the will of members of the group, maybe even all of the members of the group. What power really is, is the ability tomake the world the way you want it to be.

The Kavanaugh case highlights this point. Women want to be able to make an accusation 40 years after the fact, give an emotional story and yield considerable power. Enough to block the confirmation of a Supreme Court Justice. With so little effort. 
@0852hr

# Soak at the Quapaw Baths

# Lunch at Subway

# Golf at Diamondhead Golf Course
# pick up DVD "Life of the Party" with Jenny McCarthy. 
# Vien shopping at Belks. 

I took a quick look through Books a Million. 

# Links
## Chaos Magic - The Wheel Turns Full Circle. 

[UltraCulture](https://ultraculture.org/blog/2015/11/13/psychonaut-field-manual/)

[Psychonaut Field Manual](https://ultraculture.org/blog/2016/02/25/chaos-magick-introduction/)

T: People engage in religion for a variety of effects. If we remove the effects that don’t require a God than what is left must be of God. 

Effects

1. believing that someone loves you is comforting. 
2. Believing that a powerful being will protect you. 
3. That justice will eventually be carried out in another place and time . 
4. That there is a hidden good in all bad events. 
5. We can feel superior in our self righteousness. 
6. Faith healing and the placebo effect. 

It would be helpful to seperate the things that don't require a god from things that cannot be explained without one.

1. Terminal lucidity
2. 
